# 4130_FinalProject
Final Project for CSI 4130

Industrial Camera Process Improvement

Cameras made for industrial purposes come in a huge variety. As with most things, cost and performance are generally directly proportional. And while the camera software is designed with many tools in order to be as useful as possible to as many people as possible, there are many use cases that are not covered sufficiently. One such example that I have found is for a process called the match mark. Simply put, standard practice for vehicle manufacturing is to align the heavy side of a tire, amrked by a paint dot, and the light side of a wheel, marked by a sticker, must be aligned in order to improve the success rate of various processes further down the assembly line. As far as the vision side of it goes, a camera from a well known industrial camera manufacturer is used to take a picture of tire and wheel after the tire is mounted on the wheel but before inflation. In the camera, a segmentation tool is used to output two seperate black and white masks, one for tire dot and one for wheel sticker. A separate tool is used to sort through any potential noise and to find the center of both objects. A final tool is used to calculate the angle between the two objects. That information is then passed to a robot that aligns the two, at which point the process is complete. That is at minimum 4 tools required. The first requires a color image that is 2000x2000 pixels, making for 12,000,000 data points. This oututs two black and white masks that come to 8,000,000 data points. These are fed to the blob tool that searches both masks to get the X and Y coordinates of the blobs, after which the final tool calculates the angle between. The current iteration of the process is very reliable, but it can take up to 750ms to process the image. Because the center point of the wheel is always the same, and the radius of the wheel is always known, the data that is being processed is uneccessary. My proposal is to feed a simple CNN far less data than the current 4,000,000 pixels by converting the ring of pixels where the tire dot could be from a cartesian coordinate system to a polar coordinate system, which would essentially flatten out the data into a strip. My initial calculations put this at about 13% of the data of the current system. This CNN will get a strip for the tire dot and a strip for the wheel sticker, and output a single angle. This would turn a large scale segmentation problem into a far more simple regression, or maybe even classification, problem. 

Link for image data:
https://drive.google.com/file/d/1MrZDlhJv6EF8_AehclOkbGaZCoiC500X/view?usp=drive_link
